#How to ensure the quality of a software system
The software system I want to take as the example for the final homework on software quality assurance is the system 
called “Alternative Investment System” developed by the company SAFE where I worked as an intern.
Firstly I would like to say something about software quality assurance in my view based on the course during the past
eight weeks.
Software Quality Assurance (SQA) is a kind of software quality management to make sure that the software is in accordance
with software developing standards and software requirements. Software quality assurance monitors software projects 
mainly through the establishment of a series of tests and test strategies so that the developers can improve the projects
in time.
Different from the traditional testing, I think SQA should be done at the beginning of the project and make appropriate 
plans in order to keep in accordance with the developers' plan and thinking. After the general testing process such as 
unit testing, integration testing and system testing, defects emerges. Therefore, defect handling is throughout the whole
project process, in terms of defect prevention in the beginning of the process, defect removal in the testing phase and 
defect containment in late phases.
QA activities need additional support such as planning and goal setting, management, data collection, analysis and 
modeling. Therefore, software quality engineer is deserved to emerge at its proper moment. SQE process includes making
pre-QA planning, setting quality goals, forming QA strategies and analysis and feedbacks until the quality goals are 
satisfied. 
Secondly, my plan for testing the system is based on the following procedures. 
1.	Data preparation and making test case according to the requirements made by the business department. 
For the reason that the business logic in an exchange investment company is very complicated, our test plans usually 
begins at the beginning of the system, that is to say, the requirements part. After understanding the logic and the 
detailed requirements the business needs, data preparation and an overall test case should be made as complete as 
possible. 
2.	Unit testing. 
Based on the Basic Info functional model, after finishing the coding, I tested it by adding a new staff information
and checked it in database, so as the other models.
3.	Integration testing
After finishing the coding part and unit testing, I integrated my codes with others’ and began integration testing 
on several key parts to make sure that different models work together without collisions.
4.	Defect handling
After the first two procedures, defects should be recorded and codes should be reviewed. For example, data verification
like data length, data format is not in accordance with that in the database while the data passes the foregrounding
without checking. 
5.	System testing
System testing falls within the scope of black box testing which requires no knowledge of the inner design of the code
or logic. Testers should test the whole system according to the test case and test whether the functions are all 
realized. System testing is performed on the entire system in the context of a Functional Requirement Specification. 
System testing tests not only the design, but also the behavior and even the believed expectations of the customer. 
It is also intended to test up to and beyond the bounds defined in the requirements specification
6.	Regression testing
Regression testing is very necessary within a complicated system, because after several times of reviewing and changing
，some codes would lost its function replaced by some other codes. It is to  uncover new software bugs, or regressions,
in existing functional and non-functional areas of a system after changes such as enhancements, patches or configuration
changes and ensure that the change would not introduced new faults. One of the main reasons for regression testing is
to determine whether a change in one part of the software affects other parts of the software. 
